I am requesting approval from the HOA to replace the low-slope/flat roof on my property at 12133 Tribune Street, Fairfax, VA 22033. The proposed roof replacement will be completed by American Home Contractors, a licensed and insured Virginia home improvement contractor (M.H.I.C. #31337-03; VA License #2705190396). The roofing system being installed is a GAF EverGuard® TPO (Thermoplastic Polyolefin) Roofing System, which is a single-ply roofing system using a self-adhering membrane. The selected color for the new roofing system is black. 

This roofing system is designed to provide long-term protection and durability for my property's low-slope areas. It will be installed using a mechanically fastened method, ensuring secure and lasting protection against weather elements. The installation process will not involve torches, open flames, hot asphalt, or solvent-based adhesives, which makes it a safer and cleaner option for installation. Compared to traditional roofing systems, this self-adhering roofing system will not produce fumes or unpleasant odors and can be installed easier and quicker by a small roofing crew, without the need for bulky equipment.

The selected EverGuard® TPO Roofing System is known for its excellent performance, with the membrane exhibiting strong resistance to heat aging and UV degradation. As a product backed by GAF, North America’s largest roofing manufacturer, it benefits from the company's extensive experience and investment in roofing technologies. The system is also reflective and emissive, which helps reduce energy costs and combat the urban heat island effect. Additionally, this TPO roofing option is inherently flexible and does not require biocides for fungal resistance.

The roofing system will be warranted with up to a 35-year guarantee against manufacturing defects (details available in the applicable guarantee). American Home Contractors' work is also covered by insurance, including commercial general liability and workers' compensation, and any additional coverage required by law. The project will involve a complete tear-off of the existing roof to the sheathing, installation of new 1" ISO insulation board to the roof areas, and installation of the EverGuard® TPO roofing membrane in accordance with all local building codes and standards.

To complete the installation, the contractor will be delivering materials to the rooftop by boom truck and will be responsible for the proper installation of all flashings, edge metals, and new pipe flashings to all vent pipes. A thorough cleanup of all project-related debris will also be provided upon completion of the work. Should the inspection during the project reveal any rotted or damaged wood requiring replacement, the associated costs will be an additional charge, as it is not included in the initial quoting for this project.

The contractor has been authorized to complete this project and ensure it meets all necessary building requirements. It is my responsibility as the property owner to confirm the color selection of materials and to allow access to all areas of the property for pre-work, during work, and post-work inspections and photographs for marketing purposes by American Home Contractors. This work has been reviewed and selected to meet the necessary standards for the HOA approval process. Please find all the detailed information necessary for your evaluation attached to this application. Thank you for your consideration.